*_CONLL12 File Format
The *_conll files contain data in a tabular structure similar to that used by previous CoNLL shared tasks. The contents of each of these files comprises a set of columns. Each column either represents a linear annotation on a sentence, for example, a part of speech annotation which is one part of speech per word, and so one column per layer (in this case part of speech), or there are multiple columns — taken in sync with another column and representing the part that all other words in the sentence play with respect to that word. This is the classic case of predicate argument structure as introduced in the CoNLL-2005 shared task. In this case the number of columns that represent that layer of annotation is variable — one per each predicate. For convenience, we have kept the coreference layer information in the very last column and the predicate argument structure information in a variable number of columns preceeding that. The columns in the *_conll file represent the following:

Column 	Type 	Description
1 	Document ID 	This is a variation on the document filename
2 	Part number 	Some files are divided into multiple parts numbered as 000, 001, 002, ... etc.
3 	Word number 	
4 	Word itself 	This is the token as segmented/tokenized in the Treebank. Initially the *_skel file contain the placeholder [WORD] which gets replaced by the actual token from the Treebank which is part of the OntoNotes release.
5 	Part-of-Speech 	
6 	Parse bit 	This is the bracketed structure broken before the first open parenthesis in the parse, and the word/part-of-speech leaf replaced with a *. The full parse can be created by substituting the asterix with the "([pos] [word])" string (or leaf) and concatenating the items in the rows of that column.
7 	Predicate lemma 	The predicate lemma is mentioned for the rows for which we have semantic role information. All other rows are marked with a "-"
8 	Predicate Frameset ID 	This is the PropBank frameset ID of the predicate in Column 7.
9 	Word sense 	This is the word sense of the word in Column 3.
10 	Speaker/Author 	This is the speaker or author name where available. Mostly in Broadcast Conversation and Web Log data.
11 	Named Entities 	These columns identifies the spans representing various named entities.
12:N 	Predicate Arguments 	There is one column each of predicate argument structure information for the predicate mentioned in Column 7.
N 	Coreference 	Coreference chain information encoded in a parenthesis structure. Same id indicates same coreference chain.
